React Stylesheet
================

React Stylesheet is a methodology for styling React components.

The main principle of React Stylesheet is that all styling should be done with
React components alone. Why? Because it's easier! You'll see.

This document introduces React Stylesheet API going from basic primitives to
high level constructions.

Styling DOM components
----------------------

As we already said all styling should be done using React components, that means
you should never use neither `className` nor `style` props to define look'n'feel
your UI.

React Stylesheet provides `style` function which could be used to decorate DOM
components with styles:

    import ReactStylesheet from 'react-stylesheet'

    let Header = ReactStylesheet.style('h1', {
      fontSize: '42pt',
      fontWeight: 'bold'
    })

The styles provided are compiled into CSS and the `<Header />` will have the
corresponding `className` (autogenerated by React Stylesheet) set so you won't
need to bother about that.

Use `<Header />` like any other React component:

    import React from 'react'

    React.render(<Header />, ...) // <h1 class="<autogenerated classname>" />

React Stylesheet injects generated CSS as `<style>` tags into the DOM, only when
corresponding components are mounted. When no styled DOM components are present
in the DOM then the corresponding styles are removed.

Styling composite components
----------------------------

Now that we know how to style DOM components it's easy to compose them into
composite components. So what else React Stylesheet could give us?

When we develop a new React component we usually want to have its styles to be
overridable to some extent. This is especially true for component toolkits.

React Stylesheet provides a `Styled` higher order component:

    import React from 'react'
    import ReactStylesheet from 'react-stylesheet'
    import Icon from 'react-fa'

    @ReactStylesheet.Styled
    class Button extends React.Component {
      
      static stylesheet = {
        Root: 'button',
        Icon: Icon,
      }

      render() {
        let {caption, icon} = this.props
        let {Root, Icon} = this.stylesheet
        return (
          <Root>
            <Icon name={icon} />
            {caption}
          </Root>
        )
      }
    }

Note how we reference the parts which we want to override — through
`this.stylesheet` attribute.

Now we can produce a `Button` with styles applied:

    import ReactStylesheet from 'react-stylesheet'

    let SuccessButton = style(Button, {
      Root: {
        color: 'white',
        backgroundColod: 'green'
      }
    })
